README.md, before:

# Puppeteer2

Puppeteer2 is a complete rewrite of the original Puppeteer project, now purely in Node.js. This version introduces a more streamlined and efficient approach to web scraping by running an HTTP server that listens on a free port continuously.

## Features

- HTTP server that accepts JSON input for scraping requests.
- Processes scraping requests and returns structured data with text and links.
- Runs as a service under the `puppeteer` user, eliminating the need for SSH sessions and PHP-Node.js interoperation.

## Usage

To use Puppeteer2, send a JSON object with the scraping parameters to the server's endpoint. The server will process the request, perform the scraping, and return a JSON response containing the extracted text and links from the target webpage.

## Installation

Instructions for setting up Puppeteer2 as a service will be provided, ensuring it starts automatically and runs under the `puppeteer` user.

## Security

Puppeteer2 is designed with security in mind, running with limited privileges to minimize potential risks.

Stay tuned for further updates and documentation on how to deploy and utilize Puppeteer2 for your web scraping needs.

Commit message:

Update README.md with detailed project information

README.md, after:

# Puppeteer2 Server

Puppeteer2 is a Node.js server that uses Puppeteer to provide a web scraping API. It allows users to send POST requests with JSON payloads to interact with web pages and retrieve data in various formats.

## Features

- Accepts POST requests with `application/json` content type.
- Supports navigation to URLs with optional custom HTTP methods, post data, content type, and headers.
- Returns data in different formats based on the `responseType` specified: `text`, `html`, `textWithLinks`, `textWithImages`, `textLinksImages`.

## Usage

Send a POST request to `http://<server-ip>:5469` with a JSON payload containing the `url` property and optional parameters. The server will process the request and return the extracted data from the web page.

Example request using curl:
```bash
curl -X POST http://<server-ip>:5469 -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"url": "https://example.com", "responseType": "text"}'
```

## Installation

Clone the repository and navigate to the `puppeteer2` directory. Run `npm install` to install dependencies. Set up the `puppeteer2.service` file in `/etc/systemd/system/` to run the server as a service.

## Security

The server runs under the `puppeteer` user with limited privileges for security. It uses a headless Chromium browser to minimize exposure.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Please submit pull requests to the master branch.

## License

Puppeteer2 is open-source software licensed under the MIT license.
